hey everybody rocks bucks nine year with
some more born of the gods speculation
it's amazing how we have spoilers in a
while for now still and we're getting
all the speculation stuff first thing
though is a confirmation of a news bit
that I had found out about a while ago
and brought up on channel here and that
was relating to a Johnny the green-white
ishani which we were thinking would come
out in a journey into Nick's which is
the final set of theros and here are
there and this question was asked to
mark rosewater are there any walkers in
one of the gods and he says nope just
Kiara which confirms that a Johnny will
definitely not be in one of the gods I
pretty much said that a while ago but
it's a good thing to have the final
confirmations all those who are hoping
for a green wife is Johnny it is not
happening in born of the gods might
happen in journey to nicks which is
where my money's at but not happening
there then we have some born of the gods
artwork and we've seen pieces of as
before but we're going to go through it
now and kind of speculate about it
briefly just what the art could be what
card pin bees related to stuff like that
sorry that the screen itself is kind of
crushed small but this website has
horrific annoying ads and this is the
only way to avoid those and focus on
what we're going to talk about so let's
start out here with born of the gods we
have destiny won't wait take your next
steps and this is the information for
the pre-release launch weekend and game
day so it's good information if you
haven't seen this before the artwork is
just a bunch of soldiers but these two
are like God ish godlike so I don't know
if this is like they're the gods are
reviewing him with power or these two
look really similar so in fact they
might be somehow connected or something
or these god like an aura almost
enchantment on him God's helping him I
don't really know but it looks kind of
cool and that would be an interesting
play messing around with like having
godlike spirit things as the auras we
weird i don't know just speculate here
looks really cool though and we've seen
this art already this is Xena ghost the
crazy man beginning to explode out of
Mount Olympus or whenever this is
supposed to resemble then we have this
one which is the launch weekend and
we've seen this art before this land art
and I don't know what land is going to
be my guess would be I would say one of
these choir lands but it can also be
that potential enchantment land that
people have been talking about it could
be related to that that we speculate on
before what's weird is that it's in this
Leviathan a gateway or something it's
really strange i can't tell if it's a
horn or if it's a worm or if it's a
gateway it's kind of floating in the sky
and it's like a gateway to a world here
don't really know what this exactly is
it looks really cool but I don't know
how to speculate about it besides the
fact i think this is going to be an
actual land and in the set whether scry
or otherwise but my bet would be on some
sort of utility land then here we got
some minotaurs running downs and stuff
we've seen this before this is I r OS I
think I row us I think he's going to be
the red white God or demigod thing that
it's going to be when I quite sure if
they're going to have a lot of two
colored gods or if they're going to be
demigods how that's going to work don't
know any of that really yet but I row s
is probably going to show up in the
Civil you've seen multiple arts of him
before and my guess is he's going to be
red white even though he has grow colors
that would be my bet just because the
rule walk the gruel God thing has
already been talked about before but
looks really awesome I robust the
sensual crazy man also the gold
breastplate thing that's very borassi
and last off we have Zen he goes in a
less realistic art so to speak and the
other one we seen before he's holding a
bowl of craziness it's kind of like the
Nick night that Mike those the the you
have this bowl and the spirits are being
in controlled by it we have the cool
spear thing that we looked at a picture
and he's still being well godlike not
much is different with this picture that
you kind of see here I can tell these
are my corn dogs are supposed to be part
of the sky or something sticking out
over there I don't know and you have
some things on fire so are these
sacrificial things to him is it going to
help him make become a God from
sacrificial stuff that could be kind of
cool and otherwise yeah he's still crazy
setting ghosts and this is just fried
and I magic he he doesn't become like
this I don't think he'll journey takes
so those are just some arts that we see
here we have the confirmation about a
Shawnee not being in born of the gods so
let me know your thoughts about these
artworks and about the possibilities of
two color gods or demigods and how that
would fit or play in the color scheme
and stuff like that we have so far as
well as any other thoughts about the
arts particularly this one I love to you
guys think leave your comments down
below stay tuned for more born of the
gods speculation and spoilers coming up
and as always rocks box a 90 signing out
I'll see you guys next time